, but I didn't put enough oil in the recipe because I am a sucker for cinnamon."
"Step 4","Roll the dough out to 1/2-inch thick and cut into desired shapes with a serrated knife. Place cookies on ungreased baking sheets."
"Step 5","Bake in the preheated oven until the cookies are lightly browned on all sides but the edges are still soft, about 8 to 10 minutes. Allow cookies to cool on the baking sheets for 5 minutes before removing to cool on the sheets again."
"Step 6","To Make Cookies With Sugar", line a baking sheet with parchment paper and arrange cookies on that sheet. Spread 1 tablespoon sugar over each cookie, using one spoon to fill each cookie. Bake 8 to 12 minutes or until set but still soft. Cool cookies on the baking sheet for 5 minutes. Store in an airtight container."
"Step 7","To Make Cookies With Water", spread 1 tablespoon butter or margarine mixture over each cookie. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned or just barely done."
"Step 8","To Make Cookies With Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Frosting, spread 1 cup chocolate chips spread evenly over each cookie then spread 1 tbsp water evenly over the whole batch. Let sit 1 minute, or until you're done. Frost your cookies. Make a double batch if needed to keep refrigerated."
"Step 9","Cookie Press Cookies Are Best!","2 cups white sugar",
"Cookie Press Cookies Are Best!","1 .5 cups shortening",
"Cookie Press Cookies Are Best!","1 teaspoon vanilla extract",
"Step 1","In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine sugar and shortening and bring to a boil. Remove from heat, add other ingredients, and stir to blend."
"Step 2","Drop by teaspoon onto a waxed paper or parchment lined baking sheet. Bake for 10-15 minutes, or until chocolate is melting and edges are soft. Let cool completely, about 1 minute. Let cool on the baking sheet. Using a large glass bowl, spread frosting over cookies."
"Step 3","To Make Frosting: In a saucepan, heat 1 teaspoon of coconut oil until it melts, stirring every 30 seconds. Remove from heat, and stir in 1/3 cup brown sugar and sugar substitute until smooth. Add remaining ingredients, let the mixture set for 1 minute."
"Step 4","Scoop up a teaspoonful of the cookie dough and roll in sugar. Let stand until it is thick enough to be used again. When cooled, refrigerate for at least 1 hour."
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies",".75 cup butter",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies",".75 cup white sugar",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies",".75 cup brown sugar",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies","1 egg",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies",".75 cup whole eggs",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies","2 teaspoons vanilla extract",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies","1 teaspoon milk",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies","1 teaspoon water",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies","1 teaspoon ground cinnamon",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies","3 cups all-purpose flour, or more to your liking",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies",".5 teaspoon baking soda",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies",".25 cup white sugar",
"Aunt's Pumpkin Cookies","⅜ cup milk",
"Step 1","In large bowl, cream together butter, white sugar, and brown sugar until creamy. Beat in egg, and milk mixture. Stir in vanilla extract. Sift flour, baking soda, and white sugar, and blend well. Sift together the flour, baking soda, and sugar; stir into butter mixture until you feel that it's all of the flour. Wrap in waxed paper or plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 1-2 hours, or until firm."
"Step 2","Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C)."
"Step 3","Lightly oil a 9x13 inch pan. Grease a 9x13 inch pan."
"Step 4","Scoop dry ingredients into a large bowl and blend well. Sift together dry ingredients from 1 batch of the dough into 1 batch of the filling."
"Step 5","Pour in 2 batches of the dough. Mix in 1 drop of milk. Roll up the mixture in the pan. Use your hands to spread out the filling and cover the edges, leaving 3 inches between the cookies."
"Step 6","Bake for 15 to 17 minutes so the cookies cool slightly."
"Easy Chocolate Chip Cookies IV",".5 cup shortening",
"Easy Chocolate Chip Cookies IV","1 cup white sugar",
"Easy Chocolate Chip Cookies IV",".5 cup milk",
"Easy Chocolate Chip Cookies IV","1 egg",
"Easy Chocolate Chip Cookies IV",".5 teaspoon vanilla extract