Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies","1 teaspoon vanilla extract",
"Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies","1 cup all-purpose flour",
"Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies","1 .5 cups rolled oats",
"Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies","1 teaspoon baking soda",
"Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies",".5 teaspoon salt",
"Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies","1 cup semisweet chocolate chips",
"Step 1","Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets."
"Step 2","In a large bowl, cream together the butter, brown sugar and white sugar until smooth. Beat in the vanilla. Combine the flour, oats, baking soda and salt; stir into the creamed mixture until blended. Fold in the chocolate chips. Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets."
"Step 3","Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 2 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely."
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 cup peanut butter",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 cup butter, softened",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 cup white sugar",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","2 large eggs eggs",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 teaspoon vanilla extract",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","3 .5 cups all-purpose flour",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 teaspoon baking soda",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 teaspoon salt",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 teaspoon baking powder",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 teaspoon vanilla extract",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 teaspoon baking soda",
"Chocolate Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies","1 cup semisweet chocolate chips",
"Step 1","Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets."
"Step 2","In a large bowl, cream together the peanut butter, butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla. Combine the flour, baking soda and salt; stir into the peanut butter mixture. Mix in the chocolate chips. Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets."
"Step 3","Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 2 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely."
"Pudding Cookies III","1 (18.25 ounce) package chocolate cake mix",
"Pudding Cookies III","2 large eggs eggs",
"Pudding Cookies III",".5 cup vegetable oil",
"Pudding Cookies III","2 cups semisweet chocolate chips",
"Pudding Cookies III","1 cup semisweet chocolate chips",
"Step 1","Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets."
"Step 2","In a large bowl, stir together the cake mix and eggs. Place the oil into a small saucepan over low heat. Stir frequently, and remove from heat. Stir in the chocolate chips and chocolate chips. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets."
"Step 3","Bake for 10 to 12 minutes in the preheated oven."
"Step 4","In a small bowl, stir together the cake mix, eggs, and vegetable oil. Roll into 1 inch balls and place 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Flatten cookies with a fork."
"Step 5","Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely."
"Step 6","Melt the chocolate chips with the chocolate cake mix in a microwave-safe bowl in the microwave. Stir occasionally until melted and smooth."
"Step 7","Beat together the eggs and 3 1/2 cups of the chocolate chips. Stir in the confectioners' sugar and chocolate chips. Add the chocolate cake mix one cup at a time, and stir until all the chocolate chips are incorporated. Reduce the mix to 1/4 cup at a time and stir in the remaining chocolate chips."
"Step 8","Drop cookies by the teaspoons onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 12 minutes. Let cookies cool on wire rack before moving them to wire racks to cool completely."
"Molasses Cookies","1 cup butter, softened",
"Molasses Cookies","1 .25 cups white sugar",
"Molasses Cookies","1 .25 cups packed brown sugar",
"Molasses Cookies","1 .25 cups unsweetened cocoa powder",
"Molasses Cookies","2 large eggs eggs",
"Molasses Cookies","1 egg",
